Update WebSub Module.md to include persistence/custom subscriber service samples (#14839)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/websub/src/main/ballerina/websub/Module.md

is updated by the topic's publisher.
 
 

> ### Basic Flow with WebSub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Basic flow with WebSub
```

> 1. Subscriber discovers the topics it needs to subscribe to in order to receive updates/content and discovers the hub(s) where it can subscribe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The subscriber discovers the topics it needs to subscribe to in order to receive updates/content and discovers the hub(s) to which it can subscribe.
```

Author: Changed the former, but re: the latter, you subscribe **to a topic** at (a) particular hub(s), which is why "where" was used. Will change to "at which" WDYT?

Reviewer: We don't subscribe "at a topic". It should be "to a topic".

Author: Yeah exactly, at is used for the hub here.

Subscribing **to** a topic **at** a hub.

Author: Changing to " The subscriber discovers from the publisher, the topic it needs to subscribe to and the hub(s) that deliver content on updates of the topic." as discussed offline.

> 2. Subscriber sends a subscription request to a hub, specifying the topic it needs to receive notifications for along 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The subscriber sends a subscription request to a hub specifying the topic of which it needs to receive notifications  along 
```

Author: IMO "topic of which" does not read right. You subscribe to receive notifications for a particular topic. Thus "the topic it needs to receive notifications for". WDYT?

>  with other subscription parameters, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 with other subscription parameters such as:
```

>     - The callback URL where content is expected to be delivered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The callback URL to which the content is expected to be delivered.
```

>     - (Optional) A lease seconds value indicating how long the subscriber wants the subscription to stay active

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - (Optional) The lease period (in seconds) the subscriber wants the subscription to stay active.
```

>     - (Optional) A secret to use for [authenticated content distribution](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/#signing-content)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - (Optional) A secret to use for [authenticated content distribution](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/#signing-content).
```

> 3. The hub sends an intent verification request to the specified callback URL, and if the response indicates 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The hub sends an intent verification request to the specified callback URL. If the response indicates 
```

> verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a verification
```

Author: Do we need "a" here? It's either verification or denial, and there is one way to verify, which is by echoing the challenge.

 (by echoing a challenge specified in the request) by the subscriber, the subscription is added for the topic at the 
 hub.
   

> 4. Publisher notifies the hub of updates to the topic, and the content to deliver is identified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The publisher notifies the hub of updates to the topic and the content to deliver is identified.
```

5. The hub delivers the identified content to the subscribers of the topic.

### Features

#### Subscriber

This module allows introducing a WebSub Subscriber Service with `onIntentVerification`, which accepts HTTP GET requests for intent verification, and `onNotification`, which accepts HTTP POST requests for notifications. The WebSub Subscriber Service provides the following capabilities:

>  - Subscription Requests are sent at service start time for the hub and topic, which are either specified as annotations or discovered based on the resource URL specified as an annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Subscription Requests are sent at the start time of the service for the hub and topic, which are either specified as annotations or discovered based on the resource URL specified as an annotation.
```

Author: Will change to " When the service is started a subscription request is sent for a hub/topic combination, either specified as annotations or discovered based on the resource URL specified as an annotation."

>  - Auto Intent Verification against the topic specified as an annotation, or discovered based on the resource URL specified as an annotation, if `onIntentVerification` is not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  If `onIntentVerification` is not specified, auto Intent Verification of the topic will be specified as an annotation or discovered based on the resource URL, which is specified as an annotation.
```

Author: Again will change to 
"If `onIntentVerification` is not specified intent verification will be done automatically against the topic specified as an annotation,or discovered based on the resource URL specified as an annotation."

>  - Signature Validation for authenticated content distribution if a secret is specified for the subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - If a secret is specified for the subscription, signature validation will be done for authenticated content distribution.
```

  
#### Hub

> A WebSub compliant hub based on the Ballerina Message Broker is also available for use as a remote hub or to be used by publishers who want to have their own internal hub. Ballerina's WebSub Hub honors specified lease periods and supports authenticated content distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A WebSub compliant hub based on the Ballerina Message Broker is also available. This can be used as a remote hub or be used by publishers who want to have their own internal hub. Ballerina's WebSub hub honors specified lease periods and supports authenticated content distribution.
```

> ##### Enabling Data Persistence for the Hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Enabling data persistence for the hub
```

The Ballerina WebSub Hub supports persistence of topic and subscription data that needs to be restored when the hub is 
restarted.
 

> Users can introduce their own persistence implementation, by introducing an object type structurally 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can introduce your own persistence implementation by introducing an object type that is structurally 
```

Author: I believe we try to avoid active voice in Module.mds. Sharing an old comment from Sam - https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/pull/10950#discussion_r230635825. Will do the other change.

> equivalent to the `websub:HubPersistenceStore` abstract object. Alternatively, the H2 based 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
equivalent to the `websub:HubPersistenceStore` abstract object. Alternatively, the H2-based 
```

`websub:H2HubPersistenceStore` object made available in the `ballerina/websub` module could be used to persist data.

Persistence can be enabled by setting a suitable `websub:HubPersistenceStore` value for the `hubPersistenceStore` field 

> in the `HubConfiguration` record passed to the `websub:startHub()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the `HubConfiguration` record, which is passed to the `websub:startHub()` function.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/h2;
import ballerina/http;
import ballerina/websub;

// Define an `h2:Client` to use with the `websub:H2HubPersistenceStore`.
h2:Client h2Client = new({
    path: "./target/hubDB",
    name: "hubdb",
    username: "user1",
    password: "pass1"
});

// Define a `websub:H2HubPersistenceStore` as a `websub:HubPersistenceStore`.
websub:HubPersistenceStore hubPersistenceStore = new websub:H2HubPersistenceStore(h2Client);
// Set the defined persistence store as the `hubPersistenceStore` in the `hubConfig` record.
websub:HubConfiguration hubConfig = {
    hubPersistenceStore: hubPersistenceStore
};

// Pass the `hubConfig` record when starting up the hub to enable persistence.
var result = websub:startHub(new http:Listener(8080), hubConfiguration = hubConfig);
```

> Any subscriptions added at the hub will now be available even when the hub is restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any subscriptions added to the hub will now be available even when the hub is restarted.
```

Author: Again, the hub is more like a separate component. You subscribe to topics at the hub, not to the hub itself.

#### Publisher

Ballerina WebSub publishers can use utility functions to add WebSub link headers indicating the hub and topic 
URLs, which facilitates WebSub discovery.

A hub client endpoint is also made available to publishers and subscribers to perform the following:
- Publishers
  - Register a topic at the Hub

>   - Publish to the hub, indicating an update of the topic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Publish to the hub indicating an update of the topic
```

- Subscribers

>   - Subscribe/Unsubscribe to topics at a hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Subscribe/Unsubscribe to/from topics at a hub
```

## Samples

> This sample demonstrates a Subscriber Service with `subscribeOnStartUp` set to true, which will result in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates a Subscriber Service with `subscribeOnStartUp` set to true. This will result in a
```

The first parameter of this resource will be the generic `websub:Notification` record and the second parameter will 

> be a custom `IssueOpenedEvent` record, mapping the JSON payload received when an issue is created.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be a custom `IssueOpenedEvent` record mapping the JSON payload received when an issue is created.  
```

 
#### Sample Specific Subscriber Service

> In order to introduce a specific subscriber service, a new Ballerina `listener` needs to be introduced, wrapping the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to introduce a specific subscriber service, a new Ballerina `listener` needs to be introduced by wrapping the 
```

Author: Wrapping the `websub:Listener` is not mandatory to introduce a Ballerina `listener`, IMO adding "by" kinda makes it sound mandatory. WDYT?

> generic `ballerina/websub:Listener`, specifying the extension configuration described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generic `ballerina/websub:Listener`and specifying the extension configuration described above.
```

> Assume there exists a service provider that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below example is for a service provider that
```

    private websub:Listener websubListener;

    public function __init(int port) {
        // Introduce the extension config, based on the mapping details.
        websub:ExtensionConfig extensionConfig = {
            topicIdentifier: websub:TOPIC_ID_HEADER,
            topicHeader: "Event-Header",
            headerResourceMap: {
                "issueOpened": ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent),
                "issueAssigned": ("onIssueAssigned", IssueAssignedEvent)
            }
        };
        
        // Set the extension config in the generic `websub:Listener` config.
        websub:SubscriberServiceEndpointConfiguration sseConfig = {
            extensionConfig: extensionConfig
        };
            
        // Initialize the wrapped generic listener.
        self.websubListener = new(port, config = sseConfig);
    }

    public function __attach(service s, string? name = ()) returns error?  {
        return self.websubListener.__attach(s, name = name);
    }

    public function __start() returns error? {
        return self.websubListener.__start();
    }
    
    public function __stop() returns error? {
        return self.websubListener.__stop();
    }
};
```

> A service can now be introduced as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service can be introduced for the above service provider as follows.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerina/log;
import ballerina/websub;

@websub:SubscriberServiceConfig {
    path: "/subscriber",
    subscribeOnStartUp: false
}
service specificSubscriber on new WebhookListener(8080) {
    resource function onIssueOpened(websub:Notification notification, IssueOpenedEvent issueOpened) {
        log:printInfo(io:sprintf("Issue opened: ID: %s, Title: %s", issueOpened.id, issueOpened.title));
    }
    
    resource function onIssueAssigned(websub:Notification notification, IssueAssignedEvent issueAssigned) {
        log:printInfo(io:sprintf("Issue ID %s assigned to %s", issueAssigned.id, issueAssigned.assignedTo));
    }
}
```

> Please refer the ["Create Webhook Callback Services"](https://ballerina.io/learn/how-to-extend-ballerina/#create-webhook-callback-services) section of "How to Extend Ballerina" for a step-by-step guide on introducing custom subscriber services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a step-by-step guide on introducing custom subscriber services, see the ["Create Webhook Callback Services"](https://ballerina.io/learn/how-to-extend-ballerina/#create-webhook-callback-services) section of "How to Extend Ballerina". 
```
